1. is there a faster way to adjust for things. Expectations, Modes of Interaction. Looking back, i would say there is one thing i hope to have changed is how much observation I have done. While the underlying principles are more or less the same, various subspaces have its own valuation system and guidance. What should have been true in one subspace is not necessarily so in another, and the mindset of "what it should be" can only bring about agany. Observe, adjust, adapt.
the more useful question to ask is: how it works, what do I bring to the table, how do I fit in. 

2. There is still quite a lot fuzziness in terms of what the picture looks like. I can't seem to find a existing model, yet desirable features seems to be contradicting one another. Where is the balance, how to go about achieving that when so many components are out of one's own control?What are the key components? Health. 2 hour a day should be devoted to that target. Behaviour. It is only when being in an environment when there is zero emphasis on behaviour did I realize the
   importance of being proper, and the wisdom of being considerate. Command over self. There are quite a lot of new challenges that people don't quite know how to balance as of now. For instance, watching experts doing things on Youtube. GreatScott for instance. Turns out, i am not the only one finding that addictive. Plenty of people wasting their time watching other's doing experted things, instead of training oneself towards an expertise. Right now my addition seems to be
   cppcon, experienced cpp users come together to share noval ways of utilize mechanisms demanded by cpp standard committee. there are astonishing things, for instance, the current standard implementation for polymorphism involves virtual pointer and virtual table and heap allocation. This might not be the most effecient method to implement polymorphism, which is uniform interface sematics, yet context determined definition of a function. It is highly
   gratifying to see that people can stretch the capacity of cpp that far, although half of what they are saying i don't understand. How to balance observing expert doing their thing and actually go implementing datastructure myself?

3. Currently, I seems to come to the conclution that the most difficult thing is the ability to evaluate things from multiple frame of refrence. Most desirable things seems stems from particular way of perceiving and interacting with the world. In that sense, the energy is focused. What came out of multiple frame of reference? 

4.Resource Acquisition In Initialization (RAII) as riskmanagement technique.More about rsik management. Inexperienced people  focuse on upside when deciding weather to pursue a certain project. For them, they think the downside risk is manageable if they are more careful about it. It is an over confidence over one's ability to not make mistakes. In other words, perfect exercution is achievable. Yet, why mistakes permeate our lives? why perfect exercusion is so rare that when it
does happen, rewards are given, accolades are given? As people get older, more emphasis seems to be put on managing the downside when valuating a project .  People want to make sure that there is insurance available should things go wrong.  RAII and quite a lot guiding principles behind c++, such as access control, minimize dependancy, seems to stem from risk management.  

reference counting versus garbage collection:
1. low overhead. Garbage collectors can be quite intrusive, making your program freeze up at unpredictable times while a garbage collection cycle processes and quite memory intensive, your processer's memory footprint unnecessarily grows.
2. more predictable behaviour with reference counting.
