polymorphism refers to the ability to associate multiple meanings to one function name. As it has come to be used today, polymorphism refer to the very particular way of associating multiple meanings to a single function. 
Late Binding. A vitual function is one that, in some sense, may be used before it is defined. For example, a graphics program may have several kinds of figures, such as rectangles, circles, ovals and so forth. Each figure mmight be an object of a different class. For example, the Rectagle class might have member variables for a height, width, and center point, while the circle class might have member variables for a center point and a radius. if circle and rectagles both
inherited from base class figure. then in that class the function draw for circle and rectagle would be c.draw(),r.draw(), it is clear that these two functions has to be implemented with different codes. before virtual function, the only tool we have at our disposal would be reloading of the function.
When you make a function virtual, you are telling the compiler, I don't know how this function would be implemented. Wait until it is used in the program, and then get the implementation from the object instane. The technique of waiting until run-time to determine the implementation of a procedure is called late binding or dynamic binding. Virtual functions are the way C++ provides late binding. 
rulls associated with using keywords virtual:
a) if a function is declared virtual in base class, you can omit the virtual declaration in the derived class, according to the guidance, however, it is generally a good idea to declare virtual in derived class as well.
b)only h file, or the function declaration require the virtual keywords, should not add it in the implementation
compare overriding and polymorphism:
when a virtual function definition is changed in a derived class, programmers often say the function definition is overrideen, in the cpp literature, a distinction is someitmes made between the terms redefined and overridden. Both trems refer to the changing of the definition of the function in a derived class, if the function is a virtual function, it is called overriding, if the function is not cirtual function, it is called redefining.

