1. blood glucose and insulin are apparently toxic. I decide to give fasting a try.
potential herdles of fasting: can't sleep, extreme hunger, coldness, decline of immune capacity. 

can we consider all metabolic mulfunction as excessive growth? there are three pathways to sense availabiilty of nutrient. AMPK, mTOR, insulin. Insulin is there to sense the availability of glucose. mTOR is there to sense protein, AMPK is there to sense how much energy we need. Diabetic food seem to indicate that blood glucose is toxic ask it slowly kills the nerve cell. Optic nerves are also exposed to sugary blood. 

So far, there has been three angles I want to better manage my own health:
first,virus: epstein-barr virus. I should assume that i have this virus and in southern china, this is the cause of esophogial carsinoma and head and neck cancer. in addition to cancer risk, a compound manufactured by this virus is also found to be related to several autoimmune deseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, which I am at high risk for;hypobaria pyloris which is the cause of gastric cancer which one of my auntie died from.

second, metabolic syndrome provention. Apparently, my resting blood sugar level put me squarely in the prediabetic range, which is consistent with the PCOS diagnosis. I need to be more aggressive in managing my blood sugar level. The past year I have been highly addicted to sugar, particularly backery, no wonder I seem to experience accelerated aging. Apparently, blood glucose bide to so many stuff, including skin. Why nobody told me this stuff? NO SUGAR. salt is another thing that need to be monitored. The diatery habbit basically invites stroke, particularly considering I grow up eating hotpot, which is just carsinogenic.


Third angle is dentistry, skin and hair care. Those should be things that can be managed. 

Why am I so ingorant when it comes to health management? Wish I have access to more high quality information in this regard.


3. Self-control is actually a dimmention of exercutive function. I know this is something I suck at. There are four ways my lack of self-control manifest itself.
first: if there are food in front of me, I would eat it all, at once. if there are water in front of me, I would drink it all. instant gratification
second: train of thoughts. I find it hard to following just one train of thoughts and approach it from all angles. I jump the gun and would be interrupted by other thoughts.
third: in face of the slightest resistance, I would choose to give up. zero grit. I am almost certain that should drugs are more available, i would be an addict
forth: i have trouble follow through on a long term regiment.

The solution should be rely less on the autodrive function. I should practice exercutive veto of autonomous control and exerte concious control more often. This can start from walking. In terms of following things through and have more grid, one remedy might be know what to expect. For instance, if you decide to fasting, you would get into problems such as insomnia, coldness, decreased immune capacity etc. I think the knowledge of what are the potential hurdles can help me go through them, as when I met it I would say, oh, I know I would meet you. There is no surprise there. In terms of following on a train of thoughts, that's easy, just give yourself a hard control mechanism such as no interruption for certian period of time.

4. Media control. media can be important as it can inform me things such as vaccine scandle etc so I can protect myself better. speaking of vaccine, I should check if i have antibody for herbis and heptitis B. but it has been shown that media can increase cortosol level, which can only be a bad thing. I want to limit my access to social media, as comparison to the elites only makes me think little of myself. There is one metrix that I want to benchmark myself against: have I make the best out of the conditions. 

